hey guys this is an apology video being
made for noir vegan and he very formally
shall we say demanded an apology from me
and I'm giving it to him I have a long
history of this behavior on YouTube I'm
actually quite eager to give people
apologies sometimes it helps and
sometimes it doesn't
a charming young fellow named Josh who
uses the YouTube moniker or vegan
revolution way back before before he
started hating them for anything got out
of control I made a YouTube video
apologizing to him didn't help at an
early stage of my conflict with
durianrider he demanded that I make an
apology video was actually he didn't
demand an apology to him he demanded
that I apologize too freely and I was
wrong I was saying great let's do so and
I apologized as much as I possibly could
although in that case you know I did
have to use my imagination a bit to see
how I had really wronged freely like on
a factual level the videos I made about
freely were entirely accurate now in
this case with noir vegan I understand
why it's upset I understand why he's
demanding an apology I hope from his
perspective he can understand that from
my position there's been a haze of
misinformation and it's not reasonable
to expect me to know well to know
something I haven't been told just put
it that way in a recent interview a
video that was a dialogue with another
youtuber a video that I will now unlist
you know I will not have listed on
YouTube just because the few seconds in
it that mentioned nor vegan upsetting
everything but that's fine I can elicit
I got over 750 first on my channel it's
not going to hurt me down list that one
if it's gonna you know make him feel
better if it's gonna address what he
feels is you know real grievance in a
video I made which was a spontaneous
live conversation I was being asked
about noir vegans recent video that time
quite a new video in which he filmed
himself at YouTube headquarters and he
certainly insinuated that he was
responsible for during writers Channel
being removed from circulation all I
have to say
currently in San Francisco at the
YouTube headquarters I'm actually going
to Hawaii I'm just stopping by San
Francisco because I had some business to
take care of here so yeah I'm hearing
that tumblr had choruses in New York and
I'd like to go to New York and there is
proof each if it was
channel is taken down down down
you can't slander people now he is very
offended than in that video in a smudgy
Gnaeus conversation I suggested that
this might be a lie I didn't say I knew
that for a fact
I didn't say like I know for a fact he's
lying it was actually in a list of
passports mentioned said well maybe he's
lying he's certainly capable of lying
and I also said you know maybe he's
exaggerating and I said maybe he's
mislead himself maybe he was misled by
whatever the employees at YouTube had to
say to him they might have said
something reassuring like we'll take
care of it and he thought that meant
they were going to take to him write his
channel down
this was my speculation but he obviously
was very very hurt that I would suggest
that he's capable of lying or that he
might be lying with a specific thing
now irony of ironies he writes to me
today I only got this email today I live
on the Chinese timezone I got an email
from today in which he claims you know
why would you mean he openly asserts
that in that video he was trolling so
this is a peculiar situation in terms of
email etiquette he is insisting he
didn't lie in that video but that he was
trolling so long story short the video
he made was deceptive and misleading and
it was intentionally deceptive and
misleading but heat from his perspective
that was trolling that was not a lie now
it is a very very peculiar thing that
Michael would be so offended at my
misinterpretation of his trolling as
lying and in this case the particular
for trolling does involve intentionally
misleading his audience which he you
know again he owns - he's not claiming
that he wasn't you know he knows that he
you know sat there in front of YouTube
headquarters and was leading the
audience to believe something that was
not true or not accurate so this is
coming pretty close to a lie Michael but
nevertheless Michael is very offended
that I was just as lying but
nevertheless it's not with a reason it's
not trivial so something else I did not
know until today because nobody ever
told me this and in the contrary what I
was told was the opposite Michael has
told me that he is pressing ahead with
rape allegations against her and
and he made it about rape although
Hanna's said nothing about rape in her
video Noah went back and checked one of
his older videos and it in a very
confusing very concealed manner in a
manner that I missed I didn't get it
when I watched his earlier video he has
actually said that at least once
publicly before and we're gonna make it
about three just that's how they wanted
I didn't get it when I watched his
earlier video he has actually said that
at least once publicly before that in
terms of the the direction he's going
with his series of videos in a period of
months his conclusion is actually that
he's going to make rape allegations
against earring writer and for that
reason he is very concerned to have
anyone on the internet say that he's a
liar or capable of lying about anything
so he gonna be fully transparent as
Holly won it and we're gonna let you be
the judge that's Holly won it and we're
gonna make it about rape just that's all
he wanted again I sympathize I now
understand and only now after receive
this email from him okay so that's the
situation is in this situation is in is
that he is being extremely vigilant
about his online credibility and he's
extremely upset you know just fine you
know it's nothing wrong with being upset
because he is basically in the process
of putting together rape allegations
against the public figure and that is
very very serious business and once
again I objected to durianrider making
allegations against me he accused ISIL
of inviting young girls back to his
apartment or his hotel room and that's
exactly what I experienced the irony of
it is that it wasn't ISIL that invited
me back to his hometown it was Holly
it is completely hypocritical of Holly
to accuse someone asked of contacting
young girls on the internet learning
them vectors are tolerant ask them for
sex when that is literally exactly what
he himself has done to a totally
baseless and totally false and daring
writer knew he was lying and we've now
gone to court and most you guys watch
this video already know the whole story
but I did not do that
because I wanted to live in a world
where other people made reckless
allegations against durianrider so you
guys may not remember this but in the
past I stood up to
and durianrider when he was the one
being defamed by vegan cheetah also
known as Charles Marlow
I've actually repeatedly had to stand up
for and defend during right in just that
sense the reason being I wanted to make
it clear to people look my fundraiser
was called vegans against violence and
defamation I don't just want people to
stop defaming me that's not the point
that's not the point of the donations
I'm not just opposed to defamation when
I'm the one being defamed I'm a post
defamation across the board I'm opposed
to these kinds of reckless allegations
and infighting I'm opposed to it even
when durianrider
is the one being defamed when
durianrider is the victim of you know
slander of someone blacking his
character and definitely back when vegan
cheetah was doing it that was just
reckless slander that was defamation as
a as a sport that was cheetah just
trying to get more views but I think
making up salacious and false news
tensions viewers so obviously that is
not the situation Michael is in that's
not the situation nor picking his n
however without having been said I have
to insist again I have absolutely no
inside information about this until
today when Noor vegan wrote to me
clarifying this fact and demanding an
apology
I had no basis to apologize and I had no
understanding what this was my knowledge
the situation was based on one Skype
conversation I had with Hannah Hannah
Chloe
Hannah Chloe is Michael's girlfriend
sorry for those no no and you know like
a couple of emails which didn't really
tell me much
alright and one written statement from
Hannah that was on YouTube that
clarified what she said in her earlier
video an earlier video that was I think
we can all say intentionally vague you
know she made a video that that
definitely did not use the rape word and
since then they followed up by saying
this wasn't about rape and he made it
about rape although Hannah's said
nothing about rape in her video but I
think Michael had those pointers now
he's come to a
turn in the road where they are pursuing
this as allegations of rape and as such
a course that changes the significance
of the whole narrative leading at this
point the second act was basically the
same as the first night he asked me if I
thought about what we talked about the
night before and I said yes I had
thought about it and the answer was
still none but he didn't respect my
answer he kissed me anyway and then
started to ask for more I ended up
making excuses I had a friend in my
apartment but I had to get back to I was
in my period I was uncomfortable with
how close it was to break up with freely
but he didn't listen to my excuses and
he continued to ask me for more at the
time I looked up to him because he'd
always been nice to me and I saw him as
a friend and he made it about rape
although Hannah said nothing about rape
in her video now obviously I haven't
explained every single detail of the
situation and honestly I already feel
uncomfortable revealing this much but I
do feel that it's important for me to
speak up because the behavior that Holly
is accusing eyes our love is exactly
what I experienced Michael hable nor
vegan look man I think you've been under
a lot of pressure
I think you've received email from
hundreds of people in the last couple of
months and you've probably written email
to people in last couple months so I
think one of the mistakes you're making
here is just assuming I know things I
don't know assuming you've told me
things you haven't told me you know I
think and I think that's understandable
for someone in your position you are
probably writing a lot of emails about
exactly this issue to a lot of different
people and you know you may you may just
be assuming that I know warm of the
situation or care more about the
situation that I do you're a complete
stranger to me I'm not involved in your
business I'm not involved in your drama
so you know I mean just you can't expect
somebody to know something they don't
know you can't get so angry that I've
said it somebody when they don't know
and even in this case the actual spark
for this apology doesn't even have to do
with the big R word it doesn't have to
do with rape it just has to do with fact
that he was he was extremely upset and
offended that I would say he was lying
in a video where he was in fact trolling
it's my work I have to say is that but
again me I'm an outsider I just watched
the video I didn't talk to him I did
eminence information it's is it really
reasonable to be you know so harsh
towards someone who has no bad
intentions and you just saying well I
watched this video apparently it's
misleading or untrue he says it's
misleading it untrue because it's
trolling and therefore not a lie ok
Michael I'll hand that to you you know
from perspective I have no conflict with
you back when I made videos that were
supportive of Hannah Chloe those were
based on her own public account of what
happened with her and durianrider
they weren't based on any inset
information and then I was shocked when
more than a year later you Michael were
writing to me complaining that my
version of events in those old videos
was fundamentally an agreement with
durianrider and was not an agreement
with Hannah and it was like well what
are you talking about man like oh but
holly simply needs to stop accusing
other people of behavior that he himself
is guilty of how did you accuse people
of reaching out to young girls online in
order to ask them for sex when you
yourself has done that you accuse a lot
of other people of being on the juice
when you yourself are currently on
steroids Holly stop the
accusations towards other people of
behavior that you yourself are guilty of
please stop creating drama and
infighting within the vegan community
and focus on the bigger issues here and
he admitted about rape although Hannah's
said nothing about rape
her video and it was like well what are
you talking about man like I love the
you know in those videos I very briefly
allude to things that I have no source
of information for aside from Hanna
herself so you know if you're gonna come
on the internet and you're gonna trade
in information that has intentional
omissions or is in this way like in the
case of this trolling intentionally
misleading
he certainly has his reasons for that as
he has said to me bluntly he sees
himself as being in the position of
building up to of building a case for
rape allegations of putting that
together step by step okay you know I
take his word for it of course okay so I
assume they have a rape case and they
want to present it to the world and
maybe they want to present it in course
it's put me maybe they want to present
it in court how would I know that my
information this again for more than a
year ago was that one video from Hannah
like one written comment she made one
Skype conversation out with her nobody
told me this least of all you Michael so
long story short I hope you accept this
apology and get on with your life I'm
actually going to Hawaii I'm just
stopping by San Francisco because I have
some business
that character and there is proof
did you it was